[CARBONDATA-4062] Refactor clean files feature (#4044)
apache/carbondata: docs/clean-files.md

   ``` 
  Once the timestamp subdirectory is expired as per the configured expiration day value, that subdirectory is deleted from the trash folder in the subsequent clean files command.

**NOTE**:
  * In trash folder, the retention time is "carbon.trash.retention.days"

>   * Outside trash folder, the retention time is max value of two properties("carbon.trash.retention.days", "max.query.execution.time")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Outside trash folder(Segment Directories in store path), the retention time is Max("carbon.trash.retention.days", "max.query.execution.time")
```

Author: done
